NARRATOR:
Somewhere, hidden
amongst thorny brambles,
is a little kingdom
of elves and fairies.
Everyone who lives here
is very, very small.
I'm Ben Elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[BARKS]
And I'm Princess Holly.
[TWINKLES]
[CHUCKLES]
Come on, let's play.
Wait for us.
[♪♪♪]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[NARRATOR READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Frog Pond.
[HOLLY READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
For today's nature class,
we shall be studying the pond.
KIDS [IN UNISON]:
Ooh.
Some creatures
live on land, like elves.
KIDS [IN UNISON]:
Oh.
Some creatures live in water,
like fish.
KIDS [IN UNISON]:
Ah.
Others live in water
and on land,
like--
[CROAKS]
[CHUCKLES]
Frogs.
WISE OLD ELF:
Good, Ben.
Who can tell me
what frogs like to eat?
Ice cream.
WISE OLD ELF:
Ho. Ho. No, Princess Holly.
Does anyone else know?
Is it flies?
WISE OLD ELF:
Correct, Barnaby.
[BUZZING]
Frogs eat flies.
[CHOMPS, GULPS]
KIDS [IN UNISON]:
Ew.
[KIDS LAUGH]
Would you like to see
where frogs come from?
KIDS [IN UNISON]:
Yes. yes.
Very well.
Here we are.
KIDS [IN UNISON]:
Ooh.
Frogs lay eggs
called frogspawn.
They don't
look like frogs.
Ho. Ho. We'll have to wait
a few days to see.
Now, who's going to look
after our frogspawn?
I will.
Really, Princess Holly?
Yes, please.
[LAUGHS]
Very well.
I'll help you take them home
to the little castle.
Hooray, heh.
[♪♪♪]
[HONKS]
[HUMMING]
Nanny Plum.
Hello, Princess Holly,
how did your lesson go?
It was great.
We learned all about frogspawn.
And I've got some homework
to do.
That's very nice.
WISE OLD ELF:
Hello, Nanny Plum.
Where do you want
The frogspawn?
Goodness me!
Frogspawn?
You always said I should
learn more about nature, Nanny.
Yes...
But I didn't expect it to be
in my kitchen.
[♪♪♪]
[OWL HOOTING]
It was great today, Mommy.
We learned all about frogs,
and I've got some homework
to do.
That's nice, darling.
Goodnight.
Goodnight, Mommy.
[ROOSTER CROWS]
Morning time.
[LAUGHING]
Good morning, frogspawn.
Oh. Where did those
little fish come from?
Those aren't fish, Holly.
They're tadpoles.
Hello, tadpoles.
Uh, what are tadpoles,
Nanny?
They're baby frogs.
They hatched
from the Frogspawn.
Wow.
I'm a bit of an expert
on frogs.
By tomorrow they'll have
changed again.
Ooh.
[OWL HOOTING]
They start off as frogspawn,
and then they get
little fishy tails,
and they're called tadpoles.
[CHUCKLES]
You seem to know
an awful lot about frogs.
Nanny's teaching me
all about them.
Do you like frogs, Daddy?
Of course, as long as
they keep to their pond
and don't bother anyone.
They can be a bit slimy
and disgusting.
[CHUCKLES]
Daddy.
Goodnight, Holly.
[ROOSTER CROWS]
Morning time.
[LAUGHING]
Good morning, tadpoles.
[GASPS]
The tadpoles have got legs.
Wow. That's amazing.
Yes, Holly.
But it'll be even more
amazing later.
Ooh.
[♪♪♪]
Mommy.
I want to show you something.
What is it, Holly?
Come and see.
[LAUGHING]
[GASPS]
I can't see my tadpoles
anymore.
Tadpoles?
They must be invisible.
Nanny, did you do a spell
on them?
No, Holly.
So where are they?
[KING SCREAMS]
Oh, dear, I think
the King has found them.
[SCREAMS]
Where did this come from?
[CROAKING]
Ugh!
Really.
What a fuss over such
a little creature.
[CROAKING]
[SCREAMS]
My tadpoles!
Your tadpoles have turned
into frogs, Princess Holly.
Tadpoles? Frogs?
What on earth is going on?
Daddy, I did tell you
I had some homework.
[CROAKING]
Here froggies,
this way.
[LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]
This is my room.
And these are my toys.
[CROAKING CONTINUES]
[GIGGLES]
Croak. Croak. Croak.
Croak. Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Let's play hide and seek.
[CROAK]
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven,
eight, nine, ten.
Coming, ready or not.
[FROG CROAKS]
[LAUGHS]
Found you.
[CROAKING]
Let's play another game.
Hop, hop, hop.
[LAUGHING]
Bedtime, Princess Holly.
Nanny, say hello
to my friends,
Fluffy, Tiddles, Mopsy
and Ben.
Um... Hello.
[OWL HOOTING]
Goodnight, froggies.
[ALL CROAK]
[ROOSTER CROWS]
[♪♪♪]
[DOORBELL DINGS]
Good morning, Ben.
Are you coming out to play,
Holly?
I'm a bit busy, Ben.
I'm playing with my frogs.
Frogs?
[CROAKS]
This one's very good
at running and jumping.
I've called him Ben.
Oh.
See you later.
Okay. Bye.
[♪♪♪]
[SIGHS]
[FROGS CROAKING]
Do something about these frogs,
please, Nanny Plum.
Hm. They do seem
to be getting bigger.
And noisier.
If they're smaller,
perhaps they'll be quieter.
Slimy eaters of flies
shrink to half your size
[CROAKING]
Oh. They're smaller,
but somehow I seem to have
made more of them.
Shall I try the spell again?
Uh, maybe not.
Froggy froggy.
[LAUGHING]
Frogs belong in water.
Yes, Daddy.
[♪♪♪]
Daddy says frogs
belong in water, so...
Let's magic the courtyard
into a paddling pool.
Hm. We won't be needing
that door.
Bye-bye, door.
Good. Now we can fill
the courtyard with water.
Water, water
Splish splash splosh
[GIGGLES]
There you go, froggies,
a paddling pool.
Daddy will be pleased.
[CROAKING]
[♪♪♪]
That's odd.
Where's the door gone?
It was there
earlier.
No problem,
I'll magic it back.
Oh, no! Sorry, froggies.
Holly
Thistle!
Did you do this?
Yes, Daddy.
You said the frogs needed water,
so I made them a paddling pool.
That's enough!
The frogs must go!
Oh.
[♪♪♪]
Off you go. Shoo.
[CROAKING]
[SIGHS]
Hi, Holly. Are you okay?
No.
Daddy says I've got
to send my frogs back
to the pond,
but they won't go.
Hm. What we need is
a clever plan to move them.
Elves are very good
at clever plans.
And I'm an elf.
[BLOWS HORN]
[GIGGLES]
So, what is
your clever plan?
We'll play leapfrog.
You jump over my back
and I'll jump over yours.
Hoop-la.
How's this going to help?
Look, they're following us.
Hoop-la.
BEN: Hoop-la.
HOLLY: Hoop-la.
Hoop-la.
Here we are, the pond.
[CROAKING]
Well done, Ben.
Thank goodness they're not
in the castle any more.
But Daddy.
I'll miss them.
Don't worry, Princess Holly.
They'll come back
to the castle one day.
Why?
Frogs always return to
the place where they hatched,
to lay their eggs.
Oh.
BOTH [IN UNISON]:
Yippee-dee doo dah.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[CROAKING]
[BELCHES]
[♪♪♪]
NARRATOR:
Today's adventure starts
at the Elf Farm.
[BEN READS ONSCREEN TEXT]
This way
for the Elf Farm tour.
Now, children, who can tell me
where carrots come from?
Carrots come from the Elf Farm.
Yes, Nanny Plum.
Does any child know
where carrots come from?
Um, the Elf Farm?
WISE OLD ELF:
Very good.
Hard hats on, please,
and step this way.
Now, what animal gives
us eggs?
A sheep.
No, Strawberry,
not a sheep.
A chicken.
Yes, Jake. That's right.
[GROUND THUDDING]
[CLUCKS]
[KIDS LAUGHING]
So you see...
The Elf Farm
gives us
all the food we need.
What about milk?
Milk comes from
very big animals.
Elephants?
WISE OLD ELF:
No, not elephants.
Milk comes from cows,
but we don't have any cows
on the Elf Farm.
So where do cows live?
On the Big Farm.
Can we go to the Big Farm?
I want to see some cows.
No, no, no.
The Big Farm
is far too dangerous
for elves and fairies
to visit.
Really, Wise Old Elf,
you are making a fuss.
And what would a fairy
know about animals?
Fairies love animals,
don't we, girls?
ALL [IN UNISON]:
Mm.
Especially fluffy,
little kittens.
ALL:
Ah.
Hm. The Big Farm
is full of big animals!
And big people
with big feet.
I've been to the Big Farm,
and it was fine.
Who wants to go?
KIDS: Me. Me. Me.
[BARKS]
Righty-ho.
Come along, children.
[IN UNISON]
Hooray.
Ahem, yes.
Uh, today we'll be going
to the Big Farm
to learn about cows.
[BARKS]
I'm not sure
if the ladybird should
come with us.
Please, Wise Old Elf.
Oh. Very well.
As long as
he behaves himself.
[PANTS, LICKS]
[SCREAMS]
[CHUCKLES]
Gaston likes you.
Hm. Charmed, I'm sure.
[HONKS]
[♪♪♪]
♪ We're going to the Big Farm ♪
♪ The Big Farm, the Big Farm ♪
♪ We're going to the Big Farm
To see some cows ♪
[KIDS LAUGHING]
Here we are, The Big Farm.
Watch out for the cattle grid!
What?
[ALL GRUNTING]
[KIDS LAUGHING]
ALL:
Ooh.
Ahem. Now, remember,
everyone.
Big people have very big feet.
And you never know where
they're going to step.
[BRAKE CRANKS]
With luck, we won't meet
any big people.
But if we do, please keep calm,
no panicking.
Wise Old Elf?
Is that one of the big people?
Eh?
[SCREAMING]
Big people!
Ooh. A little toy bus.
[ALL SCREAMING]
Please put us down!
Oh.
It's okay. It's Lucy.
She's just a little girl.
She's a very big little girl.
She's ginormous.
Hello.
KIDS: Hi, Lucy.
Ooh. More little fairies.
I'll have you know
I'm not a fairy. I'm an elf.
LUCY:
Have you got wings?
Can you fly?
Elves do not fly.
Can you do magic spells?
Elves don't do magic.
Oh. So, what can you do?
Elves do...
Um, lots of things.
ALL:
And we're elves.
[ALL PLAYING]
[GIGGLES]
And we're fairies.
Wands away,
please, fairies.
A farm is no place
for magic.
[SCOFFS]
As you can see, Lucy,
this is a rather bossy elf.
[CHUCKLES]
Lucy,
we want to see where
the milk comes from.
We want to see cows!
Can you show us, please?
Yes. Follow me.
[♪♪♪]
[CLUCKING]
These are the chickens.
Yes, we know.
And we know
what chickens give us,
don't we children?
Eggs.
WISE OLD ELF: Yes, Jake.
Hello,
chickens.
Some fairies and elves
have come to see you.
Of course, chickens
are quite stupid creatures
because they are so big.
But I'm big
and I'm not stupid!
Uh, ahem, yes.
Sorry, Lucy.
[BLEATS]
These are the sheep.
Ah, yes.
And who can tell me
what sheep give us?
Eggs.
No, no.
Sheep give us wool.
[BLEATS]
[SCREAMS]
[KIDS LAUGH]
[BLEATS]
What did the sheep say?
Ahem. The sheep said "baa."
But what does “baa” mean?
“Baa” means "baa."
Ahem. Sheep are really
very stupid indeed.
But Rex is very clever.
Who's Rex?
[WHISTLES]
[BARKING]
[GRUNTS]
Heh. Rex likes you.
Charmed, I'm sure.
[ALL CHUCKLE]
Rex is a sheepdog.
Watch this.
[WHISTLES]
[BARKING]
LUCY:
Rex is rounding up the sheep
and taking them safely
into their pen.
[BARKS]
Wow.
[BARKING]
Gaston wants to have a go.
[CHUCKLES]
You're too little
to round up sheep, Gaston.
[GROUND THUDDING]
Whoa! What's that sound?
It's gone all dark.
Heh. It's Bessie.
And who is Bessie?
Bessie's a cow.
KIDS:
Ooh. A Cow.
[MOOS]
Argh!
[ALL LAUGHING]
She likes you.
Heh. Now, children,
what does the cow give us?
A big lick.
Yes...
And what else?
Milk.
Well done.
STRAWBERRY:
But she hasn't brought
any with her.
[CHUCKLES] She has. Watch me.
[MOOS]
It's okay, Bessie,
I'll be very gentle.
KIDS: Wow.
And there you have it.
That's where milk
comes from, a cow.
[APPLAUDING]
Another interesting
thing about cows
is they always sit down
when it's going to rain.
Ho, ho, Nanny Plum.
That's just
a silly fairy tale.
It's true.
Cows sit down
when it's going to rain.
Yes, yes.
What a superb example
of a female bovine quadruped.
I just felt a teeny drop
of rain.
These are the cow's udders.
Yes. I definitely felt
some rain.
Uh, Wise Old Elf?
Maybe you should get out
from under the cow.
If only I could take
a closer look...
Oof!
[ALL GASP]
Oh, dear!
It's raining, and
I haven't got my umbrella.
What about
the Wise Old Elf?
[GRUNTING]
He's under a cow.
At least he's dry under there.
[GROANING LOUDLY]
Lucy? Could you get Bessie
to stand up, please?
I'm sorry.
Cows never get up
when it's raining.
Uh, Nanny Plum?
You may now use magic,
if you wish.
I didn't think
you liked magic.
Just get me out.
If you're sure--
I'm sure!
Abracazow
Up you get, cow
[MOOS]
Now, what was I saying?
The last thing you said
was "Argh."
That's the sound you made when
the cow sat on you. "Argh."
Thank you, Strawberry.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
Oh, no!
It's a thunderstorm.
Everyone back on the bus!
Lucy, you'd better
go indoors.
But I can't.
I have to get all the animals
into the barn first.
BEN:
Rex can help.
LUCY:
But what about Bessie,
and the chickens?
Maybe I could try magicking
them into the barn.
[SPUTTERING]
Oh, no.
It's too wet
for my wand to work.
It is working. Look!
[GASTON BARKING]
It's not magic!
It's Gaston!
He's copying
Rex, the sheepdog.
[BARKING CONTINUES]
Gaston's a sheep-ladybird.
KIDS:
Clever Gaston.
[BARKS, PANTS]
Thanks for all your help!
Here, take some milk
with you.
[GRUNTS]
How kind.
Hooray for Lucy.
And hooray for
the little fairies.
And elves!
ALL:
Hooray...
♪ We've been to the Big Farm ♪
♪ The Big Farm, the Big Farm ♪
♪ We've been to the Big Farm
To see some cows ♪
♪ Moo!
We've been to the Big Farm ♪
♪ The Big Farm, the Big Farm ♪
♪ We've been to the Big Farm
To see some sheep ♪
♪ Baa
We've been to the Big Farm ♪
♪ The Big Farm, the Big Farm ♪
♪ We've been to the Big Farm
To see some chickens ♪
[KIDS IMITATING CLUCKING]